a mass Exodus of Palestinians from Kan
Yunis as the Israelis bomb their way to
the center displaced again and again
these people are running out of places
to escape to seeking shelter carrying
what they can there is no respite while
the fires the bombs the bullets inch
closer and
closer our men our young youth our
children are Flesh and Blood fruit of
our life we lost them we lost our loved
ones they have fallen we lost our
property oh my God a mother forced to
flee carrying her dead son the weight of
carrying him now is far less than the
thought of leaving his body
behind Israeli soldiers stored Al
hospital and opened fire on us they
killed my boy and arrested our
men
and they are still pulling people from
the
rubble Dusty and bruised but alive
parents in Gaza no longer worry about
their children playing with Earth they
worry they will be buried underneath
it the destruction is so immense and so
widespread families have nothing to
return to nothing safe to inhabit
nothing to salvage and yet the dead
remain under the rubble in jabalia
refugee
camp today we managed to recover five
dead bodies from under the debris I can
confirm there are dozens of dead bodies
that remain buried for the living it is
a struggle to stay alive with many of
the hospitals not functioning there is
no way to receive potentially
life-saving
treatment I used to receive chemotherapy
in nais now I'm deprived of both the
chemotherapy and the pills the first is
necessary to prevent the spread of
cancer and the second to relieve pain my
health is deteriorating with every
passing day I'm really
suffering but the Israelis despite their
military might are suffering losses too
this is the moment 21 Israeli soldiers
were killed when Palestinian resistance
Fighters launched an RBG at a tank
causing an
expion Palestinians are now forced to
stay in Raf in south of the strip barbed
wire and walls on the side bombing on
the other a girl dressed in a
traditional Palestinian dress for these
children simply existing during this war
is resisting hanim Mahmud Al jaaz
ra make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
zero